<!--This file is autogenerated. Do not Edit! -->
<h1>Freyground</h1>
<p>This is a personal website for myself, freylint.</p>
<p>It uses the following busswords:</p>
<ul>
<li>Containerized Development</li>
<li>Microservices</li>
<li>Behavior Driven Development</li>
<li>Test Driven Development</li>
<li>Parrallel Concurrent Actor Architecture</li>
<li>Blackboard Messaging</li>
<li>🚀Blazingly Fast🚀 WASM/Rust messaging and supervision</li>
</ul>
<p>These decisions were made as a result of proto1 (visible at the proto1 tag) going into code rot
after only a few weeks into development.</p>
<h2>Architecture</h2>
<h3>Principles</h3>
<p>The architecture is created with the following priorities.</p>
<ul>
<li>High modularity</li>
<li>Easy to change</li>
<li>Don't repeat yourself</li>
<li>Maintain forward compatibility</li>
<li>Don't couple modules unless avoiding code repetition</li>
<li>Don't outrun your headlights</li>
</ul>
<h3>Technology stack</h3>
<p>Any high quality project needs the ability to confirm that it actually works.
The first layer of this is acceptance testing.</p>
<h4>Acceptance testing</h4>
<p>Acceptance testing is provided by Cucumber.
Tests will be written primarily in javascript.
If a test is found to have non-trivial runtime cost, then a test will be written in rust.</p>
<h4>Integration testing</h4>
<p>Integration testing is provided using the best candidate for the services being tested.
In javascript, Jest will be used
In rust, testing will be provided by the built in testing machinery, with criterion used for benchmarks.</p>
<h4>Unit testing</h4>
<p>Unit testing shadows Integration testing, With the accepted unit testing for a language being used.</p>
<h4>Benchmarking</h4>
<p>If a service is found to be a bottleneck, then benchmarking becomes nessecary.
Benchmarking will primarily, be provided by criterion on the assumption that any
performance critical component will first be rewritten in rust.</p>
<p>&lt;/details&gt;</p>
